Our custom publisher is working out pretty well.
But there are one or two little fixes I want to add in rather quickly.
So first off, inside of our publisher file, we create the publisher right here and then we call publish
publishing.
Any event over to that streaming server is an asynchronous operation.
The Node Nat Streaming Library is going to make request over publish event and then get some confirmation
that it actually was published.
There's probably going to be many scenarios where we want to somehow wait for an event to be published
before doing something else in our code.
So in other words, it would be really nice to be able to do and await and wait for the publish to be
completed successfully.
So in this video, we're going to figure out how we can somehow add in this a wait keyword right here
on publish and have it actually do something.
All right.
So to implement this, we're going to go back over to our base publisher.
And then inside the base culture class, we're going to find the Polish function in order to use the
async await syntax.
All we have to do is return a promise that we're going to create manually from this published function.
And inside that promise function, we're going to resolve it ourselves whenever the callback function
is invoked and reject it if the callback function is invoked with an error.
Let's first just focus on setting up the promise itself.
So inside of publish.
I'm going to return a new promise.
So if you've never created a promise on your own, this is how we do it.
We're going to pass in a function to the promise.
And this is going to be called, with two arguments, resolve and reject.
So if you want the promise to resolve itself and essentially be completed successfully, we will call
this resolve function.
Otherwise, if something goes wrong, we'll call the reject.
Well, then take our client published code right there.
I'm going to cut all that and move it into the promise.
Then inside the callback.
The callback is what gets invoked after the Nat streaming library has actually published this event
successfully.
The first argument to this callback function is an error object.
This will be null if no error occurred, or it will be some error if something went wrong.
So we're going to take a look at that error.
We'll say if there is an error, then let's return early and we're going to reject this promise with
the error that just occurred.
Otherwise, if we get past that, rather than doing a plain console log, we will resolve the promise.
Now if you hover over publish, you'll notice that the type annotation on here is promise.
That's going to resolve with a value of unknown or a type of unknown.
We aren't really resolving with anything, so we're going to put on a custom annotation here of promise
and say This is going to resolve with nothing at all.
So now it has a more appropriate promise type.
Okay.
So now we can save this.
We'll go back over to our publisher file.
So this is where we created our publisher.
We should now be able to mark the enclosing function as async and then put a weight on the publish statement
and not get any error from it.
So now we're going to wait for the publish to be completed successfully before executing any other code.
If we care about capturing an error that might occur, for example, maybe we're not able to connect
to the NAT streaming server.
We could always wrap this inside of a tricky catch statement.
Catch the air and then maybe do a console air with it like so.
So let's save this.
Go back over to our terminal and do a quick test.
I'm going to make sure my listeners are running and the publisher is running.
I'll then restart the publisher.
And not quite starting up just yet.
Oh, it's because I removed the console log.
That's why if I clear the listener.
Yeah, the event does get emitted.
I just remove the console log where we were saying, Oh yeah, we successfully published this thing.
I think it is nice to leave in a console log whenever we successfully publish an event just so we can
kind of verify.
I look at the logs and understand when these things are being published.
So, I mean, that was kind of a case in point right there.
I thought my code was not running successfully, so I am going to go back over to the base publisher
and right after we do the check for an error right above the result, I will do a console log right
there and say event published to subject and then I'll print out this dot subject.
Let's save that.
Flip back over.
That's a little bit better.
So now we can see even published to subject ticket colon created.
Cool.
So this looks good.
Definitely a good improvement.
Now, let's take a quick pause right here.
I want to make one more improvement in the next video.